Update usaco-737.mdx (#5752)
cpinitiative/usaco-guide: solutions/bronze/usaco-737.mdx

id: usaco-737
source: USACO Bronze 2017 US Open
title: Modern Art
author: Juheon Rhee, Kevin Sheng, Yifan Ma, Arnav Gokhale
---

[Official Analysis (C++)](http://www.usaco.org/current/data/sol_art_bronze_open17.html)

# Solution

<Spoiler title="Hint 1">

Try solving the sample input by hand: could you apply a similar method in your code?

</Spoiler>

<Spoiler title="Hint 2">

What is a property of a color that cannot be the first painted?

</Spoiler>

## Explanation

Firstly, notice that if two colors are overlapping, we know at least one of them cannot be the original rectangle.

> For each color $c_1$, we can determine the limits of that color and consider it's bounding rectangle. Any other color $c_2$ that appears inside this rectangle in the final grid mutst have been painted after $c_1$, and we can rule out $c_2$ as the first color painted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each color $c_1$, we can determine the limits of that color and consider its bounding rectangle. Any other color $c_2$ that appears inside this rectangle in the final grid must have been painted after $c_1$, and we can rule out $c_2$ as the first color painted.
```

> For each color, we can look at left, right, up, and down to find the limits of that color. This creates a rectangle which must have contained that color. Since we are trying to find all the posssible starting colors, we can assume each rectangle is as small as possible.

Reviewer: should briefly explain why assuming each rectangle is as small as possible helps us

(i.e. bigger rectangle = more intersection = bad cuz limits possibilities)
